c:\users\ninja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\sprite_assignment.exe
c:\users\ninja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\sprite_assignment.pdb
c:\users\ninja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\ninja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\ninja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\ninja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\ninja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\ninja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\ninja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\ninja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\Lidgren.Network.dll
c:\users\ninja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\ninja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\ninja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\ninja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\ninja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\ninja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\ninja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\ninja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\ninja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\ninja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\ninja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\ninja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\ninja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\obj\x86\Debug\sprite_assignment.exe
c:\users\ninja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\obj\x86\Debug\sprite_assignment.pdb
c:\users\ninja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\spritesheet_small.png
c:\users\ninja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\obj\x86\Debug\sprite_assignment.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Ninja\Desktop\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\obj\x86\Debug\sprite_assignment.exe
C:\Users\Ninja\Desktop\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\obj\x86\Debug\sprite_assignment.pdb
C:\Users\Ninja\Desktop\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\spritesheet_small.png
C:\Users\Ninja\Desktop\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\sprite_assignment.exe
C:\Users\Ninja\Desktop\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\sprite_assignment.pdb
C:\Users\Ninja\Desktop\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Ninja\Desktop\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\Ninja\Desktop\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\Ninja\Desktop\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\Ninja\Desktop\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\Ninja\Desktop\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\Ninja\Desktop\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\Ninja\Desktop\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\Lidgren.Network.dll
C:\Users\Ninja\Desktop\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\Ninja\Desktop\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
C:\Users\Ninja\Desktop\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\Ninja\Desktop\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\Ninja\Desktop\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\Ninja\Desktop\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\Ninja\Desktop\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\Ninja\Desktop\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\Ninja\Desktop\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\Ninja\Desktop\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\Ninja\Desktop\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
C:\Users\Ninja\Desktop\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\Ninja\Desktop\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\obj\x86\Debug\sprite_assignment.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Ninja\Desktop\School\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\obj\x86\Debug\sprite_assignment.exe
C:\Users\Ninja\Desktop\School\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\obj\x86\Debug\sprite_assignment.pdb
C:\Users\Ninja\Desktop\School\sprite_assignment\sprite_assignment\obj\x86\Debug\sprite_assignment.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
